Hello dear friends with you channel
times wider view my name is beast
Today I want to show you the full-length
trilogy 6 edition collection disks
You can say gift lord
rings by the way this is a sequel to the movie the hobbit
as you know u recently went to the movies
hobbit and this is a collection of all parts or
anxiety
exactly you train rings plus
Trello Extra Three Movies 6
557 minutes of drives, well, plus or minus probably
edition on the blue ray discs here are three
blu-ray disc and three disc division on
blu-ray is themselves films on 3 9
there is additional materials 3 boxes
probably each with two disks
already look for a little description on
Russian language on the limit of 16 plus
Incidentally this is the end, let's open it
goes inside know i'm digital
shows can go to the other side
buy such a thing we shoot beautiful
packing
then we remove here from behind the cluster will
such with actors and with companies that
filmed the film in 2001 second and third
how did you go all movie no said what
rather the whole collector's edition
appointed was written gift and here
I carry collection
rings of 6 dvd disks
this description of each disc goes up to that
where I am now I will say that is
let's see what we have so
the return of the king is our most
last movie two fortresses this is ours 2
film and brass try this is the first film
rings rings brotherhood me by the way
write 12 + 12 with plus and 12 plus
old wind because new rating
did about 600 plus he up on
the cardboard box says 16 we don't
we know what I'm sure Poroshenko is here
16-bit ring style fraternity rings
blu-ray drive we have left and right yes by
material on the first disk
Eastern minutes to us
feed description 114 minutes everything is possible
the scene and everything becomes orotenko i
I'm not going to copyright now either
the first drive drove 2 ap they
wonder we've got a blu-ray disc
with two fortresses food material 2 disc
for 93 minutes here are two documentaries
film making for rivers
create shorts
of the world
crowd on music video and announcement
the movie for the game is all there are three minutes
actually adore all the materials they
here is all in English with
subtitled in russian and last
the disc is the return of the king
on the left we had a ray disk
on the right we have 9 disk with additional
materials
it's 120 minutes full
English and Russian subtitles
I can't wait to say it all
let's reconsider the fact that the door is still
quality up rip the eyes out when you are good
tv and good acoustics
here and so on by the Collector task
price even you but I will not navigate
that on the internet you can find it because
900 rubles
even at 800 we do not have this
1500 law is for 2,600 i.e. spread
this big 20 minutes bathed in the 1st
This is what the prices for the questions themselves
guided thanks for watching
like subscribe to the channel once
wider view all thank you all so long with you
there was a beast